Concerning the context, I found it interesting about the disturbance caused by political actions in different context. During the 1990s, probably because with FloodNet, virtual sit-in became so real and mundane that so many people actively engaged in it and have such widespread disturbance calling action on resisting government. Compared with real-life sit-in which may not that much affect how government operate, this new form makes disobedience more powerful that what you do virtually can have direct effect on government websites. But put in today’s social platform context, political action no longer making such intense disturbance as the FloodNet probably because of the government or capital forces controlling the platform or because people no longer have this mundane and interactive experience with the webpage. When you writing online, you no longer have the feeling that you voices can have any effect or help the political action.

From my perspective, the ironic ambiguity of EDT lies in the undefined boundary between the legal and the illegal, as well as the distinctive emphasis on more engagement or more efficiency. EDT regarded the government movement of directing users to empty window as illegal while justify their own action as entirely legal. From today’s perspective, this can be a serious crime, but how people look at it during that period is interesting. This is a cyber form of sit-in, only with the effort transforming into an influence on speed of the website. It inspires me to reconsider the law about this virtual world. Since real-life sit-in also have an influence on the operation of the government, why is online sit-in or hacking treated as illegal as what they do is just slowing down the webpage with no damage dealt to any function of it. Another thing I found interesting is the performativity versus the effectivity of code. The performatibity encourages more people to join in, breaking the boundaries between virtual and reality, letting people experience a sit-in on the website. However, unlike in reality where more people are likely to be more powerful with respect to its impact, the virtual world works differently. One hacker hacking the website might be more effective and may have a larger impact on the website compared to a website where lots of people get engaged. The sense of collective participation enhances feeling about doing something great with others sharing the same belief, emphasizing the connection between virtual and reality. However, the role of participation concerning online sit-in is not as indispensable as sit-in in the real world, since the number of participants is nothing more than a ideal form of political action instead of possessing actual functions.

In addition, I perceive the FloodNet to be a challenge to the “archive” since it’s something breaking the regulation of the web world. It also raises me thinking of how the archive are defined and in what circumstance they will work. Is a Terrorist attacking the webpage equivalent to a online sit-in in the sense that they generate the same result on a website? Should they be evaluated under the same criteria is worth thinking.