I was deeply impressed by the RMB City Cao created. In her works, I see two kinds of space, the space of a combination of reality and virtuality, and the space representing time progression: past, present and future. First, with respect to the spatiality of reality and virtuality, from the layout of the city, many buildings resemble the typical style of buildings in 2000s in China, but their crowed distribution brings about a feeling of future life. The style of the whole 3D design also embodies a sense of obsolescence of the 2000s, but the crowdedness brings me to see the future of China where overwhelming people are oppressed by capital. This comparison between the past and the future discomforts me where I wish the future I perceive is nothing more than a virtual world. At the same time, the ironic inconsistency between the virtual identity and the currency based on real money brings another complex feeling: one is free from reality in the virtual world, but still bounded by the constraints of reality.
	Second, some other components of the piece make me feel the spatiality of past, present and future. When I see the red light of the Tiananmen Square at night, I feel the religious fervor for Chairman Mao in the last century. At the same time, the character 押 (put people into prison) with neon light set me thinking: with an absolute power and authenticity, will the past period such as culture revolution reoccur in the future.
	Life Sharing is a project that gives me a sense of spatiality from two perspectives. The first is to show your space to others, second is how others interact with your space. You build your own space through data, and at the same time the data indirectly reflects how you as a person are constructed. Meanwhile, the interaction between others and your space establishes new spatiality. This space was the beginning of modern social media space, and the controversial privacy issues also challenge how much of our spatiality should be shown to others, and how it interact with others.
