After reading the text, I was impressed by the quote “both virtual and actual are equally real”. In fact, I perceive the “reality” online in a form that is beyond mere authenticity. In my perspective, the chance of refreshing oneself outweighs the panic and disadvantages brought by the fake identity in virtual reality. I enjoy possessing a different identity online. For example, I set the gender of my character in a video game to be male and I carefully design that male figure myself. This virtual or fake identity led me to brand new experience, that is how it feels to be a man and how the world is perceived in a man’s eyes. Similarly, I felt that I was given a virtual identity when I was choosing different reactions in My Boyfriend website. The idea of participating in a virtual identity’s story is so attracting because in daily life, I can’t refresh my actual identity and my characters like my webpage. To some extent, I envy webpage in the sense that with a push, they immediately become something different. But in real life, no matter how hard you try to cover your past, traces can always be found in some paper document.

Although this virtual identity offers me something more than reality, for other users, it is sometimes considered to be fake and can even cause panic and doubts towards mutual trust, especially concerning online friendship. It is reasonable for individuals to consider a fake identity as a symbol of being insincere and dishonest. In the circumstance where true information is required to build a stronger bond between people, such as a social media platform, fake identity will lead to potential fraud. However, with limited and proper use, virtual identity is totally benign as people do not always need to be frank in a social relation, and others are mostly aware of this fact. Friendship can still be constructed when individuals are not revealing their true identity and information. It is amazing that people even get involved in unimaginable relationship with a fake identity.


