As McHugh mentioned the concept of “digital natives”, online intimacy is also part of the reality since people’s real-life identities are bound with the virtual identity. It reminds me of the artwork made by Gilles Jobin, who utilize technology to present dance in a new form. As a person interested in dance, through his project I may have the chance to dance with the people across the world at the same time in the cyberspace. Through the dance movement, the virtual identity is well connected with my real identity. The cyberspace provides intimacy among people because through its unique technology, I can have natural interaction with others without being in the same room with them. Another unique online experience is when user uses the App QQ, people’s intimacy level will be visualized through the fire icon. If you interact with a people continuously for 3 days, you will gain a small 🔥 . If you interact with a people continuously for 30 days, you will gain a bigger fire. Many of my friends will continuously contact each other everyday in order to maintain this fire. Through the fire, the app encourages people to stay connected and care for each other day by day.

Different from McHugh, Evans mentioned how the internet alter our experience in relationship with others. Before, when I had an argument with a friend, we may feel awkward for weeks that we fear looking into each other's eyes. When we apologize, the previous feeling makes us have a deeper understanding of how valuable the friendship was. Such experience sometimes even  enriches our intimacy. However, nowadays, through texting a message on a social media, people no longer have this feeling since the screen somehow ease the stress of looking into another person’s eyes. People can easily withdraw what they have said, unlike the old days when every sentence had to be carefully considered. Modern internet chatting makes people less cautious and nervous.
